Docs: Add Windows Firewall troubleshooting guide (Fixes #85) (#146)
drupal/cms-launcher: README.md

After these steps, the application and all its data will be fully removed from your system.

## Troubleshooting

This section provides solutions to common problems.

### Windows Defender Firewall is Blocking the Application

On Windows, the built-in firewall may block the launcher because it needs to start a local web server. If the application fails to start or gives a connection error, you may need to manually allow it through the firewall.

**Solution:**

1.  Press the Windows Key, type `Allow an app through Windows Firewall`, and open it.
2.  Click the **"Change settings"** button. You may need administrator permission.
3.  Click the **"Allow another app..."** button at the bottom.

> 4.  In the new window, click **"Browse..."** and navigate to where you ran the `cms-launcher`. Select the main executable file and click **"Open"**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  In the new window, click **"Browse..."** and navigate to where you installed the launcher (usually SOME_VALUE_HERE). Select `Launch Drupal CMS.exe` and click **"Open"**.
```

The launcher uses the NSIS one-click installer, so it should generally go to a standard path. I'd prefer if we provided the example paths here to help guide folks.
